<p> I've always wondered what it was like to be a writer. Every time I see one in a movie, whether it's Jewel of the Nile or Nim's Island. The author's always seems strange, she's either drunk, bedazzled by thoughts of romance, or locked in her house terrified to go outside or all three in one. I've never thought of myself that way. </p><p>True, I do spend a lot of time at home, but I don't drink and I definitely don't choke up during scenes in my book. I probably should, maybe there's something on the emotional level that makes a book live. I don't know. But usually, I'm sitting at home drinking tea and cursing the sunlight filtering through the window while I try to channel my darker side and occasionally give my dog a belly rub. If i'm not doing that, i'm surfing the web learning things, walking my dog and attempting to avoid any and all people in the area. It's not that I don't like people, it's that they annoy me. They smile when they don't mean it, they talk just to hear themselves, not allowing anyone else into the conversation. And usually, well, when they do let you in on a conversation, let's just say it's about topics I'd rather not hear or even know about. </p><p>I prefer the company of introverted people. Those who listen, then speak. Those who question instead of assume that's the way things are. The people who wonder, imagine, spark, and ignite, create and do. Genuine people. Artists. Writers who have not been constricted in their views of the world but see the grande scheme of things. Those are the people that make a difference and when they speak, you listen. Not because you have to or you'll seem rude. But because you can't stop listening the mingling of their words with what you yourself have been feeling or thinking all along. That's real. And when they smile at you or give you a scowl, it's a genuine reflection of what they feel at the moment. No false facades, no alterior motives. Just the truth. Plain and simple.</p><p> I suppose I should give an update on my poetry. I guess this is a catch all post. My first poem was rejected by Poetry Magazine. I'm not in the least bit surprise or angry. I didn't receive one of those scarring rejection letters that haunt writers souls, but a neat and respectible one. I've heard that being rejected by Poetry Magazine is a right of passage among writers and the fact that they rejected it in as nice and professional manner as possible, gives me the confidence to keep on writing. I've heard tales where writers were asked never to submit their writing again until they became better etc. And other such horror stores from the Magazine.  So, I was actually relieved when I received mine. I cannot but hope to continue to write better in an attempt to not only gain publishment, but also to perfect it. It will take time, but I hope to submit another poem within the year. </p><p> On to tales of the not so writing kind. My brother is supposed to come home soon. Which means, my writng will stagger considerably. For some strange reason, being around other people stops my writing in its tracks. But, the good news is that my family will all be together again soon. So far we have been scattered across a stretch of fifty or sixty miles in distance between each other, all locked in separate worlds of horror. My mother worrying that my brothers autistic fits will get him taken away. My brother throwing fits because he hasn't been home in over two months. My dad wondering what the heck to do and bouncing back and forth. My sister with a cold and attempting to write a story while comforting our brother. All of this while money stops flowing, the viruses start spreading, lies get told, people panic, and others are just afraid. It's enough to drive anyone mad. </p><p>Today I learned how to encrypt a flash drive for storing my writing in a secure as possible way, in addition to my repo on GitHub. I also, learned that it costs $3.75 to send an envelope of letters to Germany from here if you have the unfortunate luck of the envelope being considered "rigid". Not to mention the possibility of it costing upwards of $5-$15 dollars and possibly filling out customs paperwork. It was definitely a headache, that's for sure. </p><p>Hmm. On top of this, I'm behind on the news. Has anything happened of interest? The last I saw of the news online it seemed Hollywood marriages and separations were more important than finding out what was actually happening in the world. It makes me nauseous thinking about how far we've fallen news wise. </p><p>Also, I'm limiting my web prescence.  If you do a search for me the websites will all be dead. I'm shutting them all down. Only this website will remain. The last thing a writer wants is to be plagued with mass messages from social networks. They are just a distraction from what should be done. I wouldn't click the contact button. I won't receive your messages as I'm switching providers. I will let you know when it's back up though and may provide a temporary service in the meantime. </p><p>P.S. Any reasons you can think of that a single bat would screech and attack a person? Apparently this happened right outside of my house to my sister a few days ago. It rammed into her arm and then flew through her hair. Thankfully there were no bite or scratch marks visible. 